on this reentry day like all the 16 year old lauriane girls this rank at
high school but at this age
she is the only one not to take the car
gabriel heinze
lamentable
this is possible thanks to the profits army but the greens
my brother this was the first time
it surprises a little a campaign m
weapons to deal with French stéphane
the license to limit to cars
a maximum power of 15 kilowatts
and a maximum weight of 550 kilos like the normal cars laurian audio
keep his code achieved 22 hours of driving
to motorcycle school before going alone
in high school
at 70 kilometers an hour
maximum the cnaf considers to have made a small breakthrough with the same employee
but was not only 20 7%
announced the army
she is referring to present more than ever
and here are the advantages to move and be autonomous
this practical side not
oriented the choice of the heart of Lorient and reindeer
who quickly found
time-saving opportunities be the shore ahead of an hour or two
hours because she is forced to take the bus to go back on three
departures on three and in the evening we have the same problem at the bus that two
return then often between 19 hours and 19 hours 30
so that clichés understood that she could pass her license as a
allowed b so when ride safely do not have not like a
car without a license but really having passed his license to see a vehicle
in which she is sheltered from the inclemency of the rain for what is
enlightened who is secure I told myself it's still going a lot for them
helped a lot for them to avoid going back and forth but at the end of his
laurian day to learn that the car in town does not present
that benefits
tena unionist
the first
this case
decidedly no miracle bikes scooters in addition to cars
each formula with these disadvantages